The world's largest German,
which is now allied with the British, French and Russian,
is now fighting.
The land of the empire is now changing the world.
The land of the empire is now the most advanced land
in the world, the land of civilization and cooperation.
Sometimes, the country's future,
the future, the future, the future,
and other lands,
are being destroyed by the great forces of the German.
The German forces are being destroyed by the German forces.
And,
the peace of the East is still there,
even if it is a common battle.
The peace is still there,
and I am the one who wishes for this victory,
and I am the one who wishes for the liberation of the Japanese.
And, I am the one who wishes for the liberation of the Japanese.
If the Japanese become wise and
serve their own country,
and if the Japanese become wise,
...and that this election is notaran for real.
As Hakuna Matata says...
...Japanese people are about to stand up.
Playing the 4th Slowly, the 4 feudal countries followed...
...the K Provination.
If there is a single spot of seeing through their own egg...
...they would have come from a well of fear of our fate.
and Second Division.
Thus, I have resolved this war theory
and found an alternative solution to the situation.
After countering the ideas of this big war theory series,